# Solutions to quesitons on [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/archives)
- **1. mul_3n5: Multiples of 3 and 5**

  Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 and 5 below 1000.

- **2. even_fib: Even Fibonacci Numbers**

  Considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

- **3. prime: Largest prime factor**

  What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143?

- **4. palin_prod: Largest Palindrome Product**

  Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.
  
- **5. smallest_multiple: Smallest multiple**

  What is the smallest positive number that is evenly divisible by all of the numbers from 1 to 20?

- **6. ssd: Sum Square Difference**

  Find the difference between the sum of the squares of the first one hundred natural numbers and the square of the sum.

- **7. prime_10001: 10001st Prime**

  Find the 10001'st prime number

- **8. largest_prod: Largest product in a series**

  Find the thirteen adjacent digits in the 1000-digit number that have the greatest product. What is the value of this product?

- **9. special_py_triplet: Special Pythagorous Triplet**

  A Pythagorean triplet is a set of three natural numbers a < b < c, for which a^2 + b^2 = c^2.

  There exists exactly one Pythagorean triplet for which a + b + c = 1000

  Find a*b*c.

- **10. sum_of_primes: Summation of primes**

  Find the sum of all the primes below two million.

- **11. larg_grid_prod: Largest Product in a grid**

  What is the greatest product of four adjacent numbers in the same direction (up, down, left, right, or diagonally) in the 20 x 20 grid?

- **12. triangular_number: Highly Divisible Triangular Number**

  What is the value of the first triangle number to have over five hundred divisors?

- **13. large_sum:**

  Work out the first ten digits of the sum of the following one-hundred 50-digit numbers.

- **14. longest_collatz_sequence:**

  What is the number that can have the longest number of steps in the collatz sequence, under 1 million?

- **16. 2_1000_hack:**

  What is the sum of the digits in 2^1000?

- **17. num_letter_counts:**

  How many letters are there for the words 1 (one) to 1000 (one thousand)?

- **18. max_path_sum:**

  Find the maximum total from top to bottom of the triangle.

- **19. counting_sundays:**

  1 Jan 1900 was a Monday. Thirty days has September, April, June and November. All the rest have thirty-one, Saving February alone, Which has twenty-eight, rain or shine. And on leap years, twenty-nine. A leap year occurs on any year evenly divisible by 4, but not on a century unless it is divisible by 400. How many Sundays fell on the first of the month during the twentieth century (1 Jan 1901 to 31 Dec 2000)?

- **20. fact_100_dig_sum:**

  Find the sum of the digits in the number 100!

- **21. amicable:**

  amicable numbers, in mathematics, a pair of integers in which each is the sum of the divisors of the other.

- **22. names_scores:**

  What is the total of all the name scores in the file?

- **23. non_abundant:**

  A perfect number is a number for which the sum of its proper divisors is exactly equal to the number....Find the sum of all the positive integers which cannot be written as the sum of two abundant numbers.

- **24. lex_perm:**

  What is the millionth lexicographic permutation of the digits 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9?

- **25. 1000_fibo:**

  What is the index of the first term in the Fibonacci sequence to contain 1000 digits?

- **26. recurring_cycles:**
  Find the value of d for which 1/d contains the longest recurring cycle in its decimal fraction part.

- **27. quad_primes:**
  Incomplete. Just created the function to check if the number is prime or not.

- **28. num_spiral_diag:**
  What is the sum of the numbers on the diagonals in a 1001 by 1001 spiral formed in the same way?

- **29. distinct_powers:**
  How many distinct terms are in the sequence generated by a^b for 2 <= a <= 100 and 2 <= b <= 100 ?

- **digit_fifth_powers**
  Find the sum of all the numbers that can be written as the sum of fifth powers of their digits.

- **coin_sums**
  In the United Kingdom the currency is made up of pound (£) and pence (p). There are eight coins in general circulation:

  1p, 2p, 5p, 10p, 20p, 50p, £1 (100p), and £2 (200p).
  It is possible to make £2 in the following way:

  1×£1 + 1×50p + 2×20p + 1×5p + 1×2p + 3×1p
  How many different ways can £2 be made using any number of coins?

- **32. pandigital_products:**
  Find the sum of all products whose multiplicand/multiplier/product identity can be written as a 1 through 9 pandigital.

- **33. digit_cancelling:**
  The fraction 49/98 is a curious fraction, as an inexperienced mathematician in attempting to simplify it may incorrectly believe that 49/98 = 4/8, which is correct, is obtained by cancelling the 9s.

  We shall consider fractions like, 30/50 = 3/5, to be trivial examples.

  There are exactly four non-trivial examples of this type of fraction, less than one in value, and containing two digits in the numerator and denominator.

  If the product of these four fractions is given in its lowest common terms, find the value of the denominator.

- **34. digit_factorials:**
  Find the sum of all numbers which are equal to the sum of the factorial of their digits. 1! = 1 and 2! = 2 are not sums so not included.

- **35. circular_primes:**
  Find how many circular primes exist below a given number (in the original problem this limit is 1 million). A circular prime is a prime number that remains prime under all rotations of its digits. For example, 197 is a circular prime because 197, 971, and 719 are all prime.